{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1254\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red163\green21\blue21;\red43\green131\blue159;\red0\green0\blue0;\red28\green70\blue74;\red50\green109\blue116;
\red108\green54\blue169;\red196\green26\blue22;\red28\green0\blue207;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c63900\c8200\c8200;\csgenericrgb\c16900\c51200\c62500;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0\c85000;\csgenericrgb\c10981\c27276\c28869;\csgenericrgb\c19418\c42935\c45455;
\csgenericrgb\c42190\c21278\c66379;\csgenericrgb\c77000\c10200\c8600;\csgenericrgb\c11000\c0\c81000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Cstructures Documentation:\
\
1. Quick Start Quide\
\
\
\
1.  Quick Start Guide: \
\
Before including headers you should define qnodes ,snodes and lnodes members with macro functions because every function and node created respect to your settings.\
\
Quick definition Guide:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 for defining a string called name in Queue nodes you can use following syntax before including header.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 maximum of 5 arbitrary members can be included to these nodes. most node setters named with QNODE[ node_number ]TYPE or  QNODE[ node_number ]NAME\
\
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 #define QNODE0TYPE char*\cf4 \
\cf2 #define QNODE0NAME name
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Sets  member for Queue nodes.\
\
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 #define SNODE3TYPE int\cf4 \
\cf2 #define SNODE3NAME number
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Sets  member for Stacks nodes.\
\
\
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 #define LNODE3TYPE char*\cf4 \
\cf2 #define LNODE3NAME text
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Sets  member for List nodes.\
\
\
Now you are ready for including headers: \
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 #include \cf5 "queue.h"\cf4 \
\cf2 #include \cf5 "stack.h"\cf4 \
\cf2 #include \cf5 "linkedlist.h"
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
after setting structures node member you can simply initalize a Queue, Stack or List object. \
Warn that queueinit() function returns pointer to Queue :\
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf6 \cb3 Queue\cf4  *its_first_queue = \cf6 queueinit\cf4 ();\
\cf6 Stack\cf4  *its_first_stack = \cf6 stackinit\cf4 ();\
\cf6 List\cf4  *its_first_list = \cf6 listinit\cf4 ();
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
after initialize your you can add  new nodes to these objects:\
\
\
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf4 \cb3     \cf6 enqueue\cf4 (its_first_queue, \cf5 "hello im added"\cf4 );\
    \cf6 printf\cf4 (\cf5 "queues first nodes index is %d and element of node is \\" %s\\"\\n"\cf4  , its_first_queue->\cf6 head\cf4 ->\cf6 index\cf4 , its_first_queue->\cf6 head\cf4 ->\cf6 name\cf4 );\
\
Enqueue functions adds new to to queue respect to queue datastructure's rules. also you can access queues elements by [QUEUENAME]->head->[YOUR VARIABLE NAME]\
Also each qnode elements contains nextPtr so you can traverse around each individual node with [QUEUENAME]->head->nextPtr->[YOUR VARIABLE NAME]\
Each nodes contains index number also using them may be useful for your code.\
\
    \
    \cf6 push\cf4 (its_first_stack, 10);\
    \cf6 printf\cf4 (\cf5 "stacks first nodes index is %d and element of node is \\"%d\\" \\n"\cf4  , its_first_stack->\cf6 top\cf4 ->\cf6 index\cf4 ,its_first_stack->\cf6 top\cf4 ->\cf6 number\cf4 );\
    \
\
push functions adds new to to stack respect to stack datastructure's rules. also you can access queues elements by [STACKNAME]->top->[YOUR VARIABLE NAME]\
Also each snode elements contains nextPtr so you can traverse around each individual node with [STACKNAME]->top->nextPtr->[YOUR VARIABLE NAME]\
Each nodes contains index number also using them may be useful for your code.\
\
\
    \cf6 append\cf4 (its_first_list, \cf5 "im lists first element"\cf4 );\
    \cf6 printf\cf4 (\cf5 "List first nodes index is %d and element of node  first node is \\" %s\\" \\n "\cf4  , its_first_list->\cf6 root\cf4 ->\cf6 index\cf4 ,its_first_list->\cf6 root\cf4 ->\cf6 text\cf4 );\
    \
    \cf6 insert\cf4 (its_first_list, 0, \cf5 "im going to be first node"\cf4 );\
    \cf6 printf\cf4 (\cf5 "List first nodes index is %d and element of node  first node is \\" %s \\" \\n "\cf4  , its_first_list->\cf6 root\cf4 ->\cf6 index\cf4 ,its_first_list->\cf6 root\cf4 ->\cf6 text\cf4 );\
\
\
There is two options for adding elements to list append functions adds node to end of function.  insert functions adds index to specified position. also you can access List elements by [LISTNAME]->root->[YOUR VARIABLE NAME]\
Also each lnode elements contains nextPtr so you can traverse around each individual node with [LISTNAME]->root->nextPtr->[YOUR VARIABLE NAME]\
Each nodes contains index number also using them may be useful for your code.\
\
Also these element adding functions return True if element added to structure successfully else it return "False".\
\
\
Also there is node removing function for every data strucuture:\
\
\
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf7     \cf8 qnode\cf7  dequeued = \cf9 dequeue\cf7 (its_first_queue);\
    \cf10 printf\cf7 (\cf11 "element with index %d removed and it was consisting \\" %s \\" \\n"\cf7  , dequeued.\cf9 index\cf7  , dequeued.\cf9 name\cf7 );\
    \cf10 printf\cf7 (\cf11 "Queue count is now \\"%d\\" \\n\\n"\cf7  , its_first_queue->\cf9 count\cf7 );\
\
\
dequeue function takes and input as pointer to Queue object and removes qnode object and returns this removed object. Removing performed respect to queue (LIFO) rules. also its deallocates node from memory so you don't have to worry about memory issues.\
\
\
    \cf8 snode\cf7  popped = \cf9 pop\cf7 (its_first_stack);\
    \cf10 printf\cf7 (\cf11 "element with index %d removed and it was consisting \\" %d \\" \\n"\cf7  , popped.\cf9 index\cf7  , popped.\cf9 number\cf7 );\
    \cf10 printf\cf7 (\cf11 "Stack count is now \\"%d\\" \\n\\n"\cf7  , its_first_stack->\cf9 count\cf7 );\
\
\
pop function function removes and returns a node from Stack object. removing performed respect to Stack rules (FIFO). pop function returns a copy of removed node as snode object and deallocates actual object from memory.\
\
\
    \cf8 lnode\cf7  removed = \cf9 listremove\cf7 (its_first_list, \cf12 1\cf7 );\
    \cf10 printf\cf7 (\cf11 "element with index %d removed and it was contaning \\"%s\\"\\n"\cf7  , removed.\cf9 index\cf7 , removed.\cf9 text\cf7 );\
    \cf10 printf\cf7 (\cf11 "list count is now \\"%d\\" \\n\\n"\cf7 ,its_first_list->\cf9 count\cf7 );\
\
\
listremove function removes a node from linked list. you should pass pointer to list that you would like to manipulate. Also listremove function has extra ability that allows you to remove any list node specified with index. listremove function returns a copy of removed lnode object and deallocates actual node from memory.\
    \

\fs22 \cf4 \
Reverse functions are built for every data List's Stacks and Queues:
\fs24 \cf7  \
\
   \
	\cf8 Queue\cf7  *queue_to_reverse = \cf9 queueinit\cf7 ();\
    \cf9 enqueue\cf7 (queue_to_reverse, \cf11 "im first element"\cf7 );\
    \cf9 enqueue\cf7 (queue_to_reverse, \cf11 "im second element"\cf7 );\
    \cf10 printf\cf7 (\cf11 "queue_to_revers's first element is: \\"%s\\" second element:\\" %s\\"\\n"\cf7  , queue_to_reverse->\cf9 head\cf7 ->\cf9 name\cf7  , queue_to_reverse->\cf9 head\cf7 ->\cf9 nextPtr\cf7 ->\cf9 name\cf7 );\
    \cf9 queuervrs\cf7 (queue_to_reverse);\
   \cf10 printf\cf7 (\cf11 "queue_to_revers's first element is now : \\"%s\\" second element is now:\\" %s\\"\\n"\cf7  , queue_to_reverse->\cf9 head\cf7 ->\cf9 name\cf7  , queue_to_reverse->\cf9 head\cf7 ->\cf9 nextPtr\cf7 ->\cf9 name\cf7 );\
\
queuervrs function takes parameter as pointer to queue to reverse and doesnt return anything after reversing queue 
\fs22 \cf4 \
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
as we mentioned before  all functions and nodes formed respect to your setting so enqueue functions parameters list formed with our settings #define QNODE0TYPE char* #define QNODE0NAME name. \
and warn that their position are formed with node setters number\
\
\
Queue object serves  you many attributes few of them is:\
\
its_first_queue--->count : 				Returns node count of queue\
its_first_queue--->isEmpty : 			returns True if queue is not empty, False if its empty\
its_first_queue--->head : 				Returns head of of queue\
its_first_queue--->head--->nextPtr		May be used to traverse arround queues Nodes.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}